# Barycentric-Lagrange-Kolmogorov-Arnold-Network

Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KAN) was proposed by [Liu et al., 2024](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.19756) as a more accurate and interpretable alternative for traditional Multilayer Perceptron (MLP). It was inspired by the Kolmogorov-Arnold Representation Theorem which states that any continuous multivariate function can be represented as a combination of multiple single-variable functions. The original KAN used cubic B-spline as the basis function within the KAN network, but their inherent complexity poses implementation challenges. Here we present the Barycentric Lagrange Kolmogorov-Arnold Network (BaryKAN), a noval neural network architecture that incorporates distinct attributes of KAN with trainable adaptive Barycentric Lagrange Interpolants as basis functions. By leveraging the computational efficiency, numerical stability and exponential convergence properties of the Barycentric Lagrange interpolation, this network provides higher accuracy, faster convergence and lower computational costs. The proposed network is experimented with various function approximation tasks and physics-informed deep learning tasks. For both low-dimensional and high-dimensional tasks, BaryKAN demonstrates superior performances compared to many state-of-the-art models. A range of additional deep learning tasks, including Generative-adversial network digits generation, transfer learning, image denoising, and sentiment analysis, are also used to measure the performance of BaryKAN.
